Aohd joins a cult
Aohd and Jason are sitting on the porch smoking a bowl. Jason looks over and says, “I’ve been wondering. You said there after you for leaving your post but you always have your killer pot. How do you get it?” Aohd shrugs and says, “Demon’s are idiots they usually forget I left once they see me and move on. I go to my stash and return here the next day.” Jason laughs and asks, “That’s funny.” He stands up and says, “Man I don’t know about you but I’m going to the gas station at the end of the road to get me a chilli cheese dog and fries. Want anything?” Aohd shakes his head and says, “Nah kind of short on change”. Jason laughs and says, “Dude you just gave me a butt load of cash the other day your good. Want anything?” Aodh shrugs and says, “Do they sell rat?” Jason laughs and says, “Nah they're not that bad.” he walks off laughing.
Aohd groans and says, “Rat sounded good. he then opens a magazine and starts looking threw at it. He sees a woman wearing a dress of aluminum foil he mumbles, “That’s weird.” then turns the page and sees a girl wearing a rubber dress. Aohd laughs and says, “guess when she falls down she can bounce.”
He puts the magazine back on the table and starts looking around. before long he’s board again and says, “Earth can be a bit of a boring place.”
Just then he starts hearing a chanting sound he looks down at the sidewalk and sees a bunch of little penguins in loose robes chanting, “Wanna banna bang dang foo fah foo fanny”. Aohd’s eyes glaze and he begins chanting it also. Seconds later he following them in his trance. People are looking at him weird because the penguin’s chants are just gibberish.
A few blocks away the penguins begin gathering in a field in front of a large stage. A penguin in a red robe walks up to Aohd chanting, “Mom Momma bomga bomba” Aohd replies, “Dad dadda memga bange” The penguin cocks his head and sticks out a wing to Aohd. Aohd sticks out his to him the penguin then pokes his wing causing blood to come out. The penguin gathers the blood then goes around to others doing the same. Befroe sicking the dish he was putting the blood into inside his robe.
Aohd watches him for a few minutes till another penguin in a blue robe hands Aohd a robe. Aohd takes it and puts it on. Then a few minutes later a penguin in a black robe walks on stage and says, “huga monga” The penguins reply, “umma blogga”. Aohd follows suit a few penguins look at him odd. Then the stage penguin says some more gibberish. He does this for a while before the penguins all seperate going on their own way.
Aohd returns to Jason’s home wearing the robe and sits in his seat. Jason returns a few minutes with two bags. he hands Aohd one and says, “I got you two spicy chili cheese dogs. sounded like something you’d eat”. Aohd nods and says, “Ghost pepper or carolina reaper?” Jason shrugs and says, “probably hot sauce.” Aohd takes a bite and says, “It’s ok but a cherry pepper is hotter”.
Jason nods to the robe and says, “where did the robe come from?” Aohd shrugs and says, “I think I joined a cult”.