= Aohd gets a job =

Aohd is sitting on a poach with Jason smoking a bowl. Aohd laughs and says, “You know what would be cool?” Jason laughs and says, “If you would lay on a Pontiac to see if people flip out?” Aohd laughs and says, “No. man go to a chicken place and say I’m the new fiery chicken”. Jason and Aohd both laugh. Jason then says, “Dude they would try to eat you.” Aohd sits thinking for a second before laughing again and says, “Oh.”


There fun is interrupted when they hear a whoosh sound. Aohd groans and says, “Damn it.” Jason laughs and says, “Hey your a phoenix on the run so better run. You ain’t been here.” Aohd nods and leaves.


Aohd runs for a few blocks till he gets to a church. He hides behind the church to catch his breath. Jason walks up and says, “Hey man you never told me why your running from them exactly. I mean your not one of those infidels. By the way you just ran around the block. I live right beside here”. He points to the the house beside it. Then under his breath says, “Sounds like something a terrorist would say”. Aohd stands up and says, “We love when we get those guys.” He starts laughing and says, “They blow themselves up and starts asking for there virgins so we put them in a room full of fat men” after laughing for a second, “Their screams are good entertainment.


Jason blinks and says, “Aohd, you sure are an odd one. But you never answered my question. What did you do?” Aohd shrugs and says, “From the time we’re able to walk. We train” Jason nods and says, “Oh like the Spartans”. Aohd shakes his head and says, “No we’re not warriors though we’re training to fight. We are preparing for our time as a guard. I left my post. The last Phoenix that did that well he was being pulled in by two demons taken to sector phi and never heard of again.” Jason nods and says, “But why did you leave post?” Aohd shrugs and says, “Man Hell really sucks bad. It’s very hot people’s screaming is all you hear. They act like fire hurts. I take a bath in the shit everyday.” Jason shakes his head not surprised anymore and replies, “Not everyone is a phoenix. For us not born in fire. It really hurts.”


Aohd pulls out a joint and lights it. Jason sighs and says, “Dude can we go somewhere else. Smoking a joint hiding behind a church just don’t seem respectful”. Aohd shrugs and says, “OK” they walk back to there place and Jason says, “So how long do this hell hounds look for you?” Aohd shrugs and says, “I'm not really high on there list. Infidels have an eternity in Hell so when they escape they send a bunch all over to look for them until there caught.” Jason nods and says, “So how do demons haunt places” Aohd shakes his head and says, “Demons basically run the place so they can do what ever. There’s only one person above them so not much anyone can do.”


Just then there’s an ear piecing howl Aohd freezes in terror and says, “Oh no there on our tail.” Jason looks odd and says, “Huh? Your a psychic also?” Aohd looks at him weird and says, “You can’t hear that?” Jason shakes his head. Aohd in panic begins running and takes off flying. A deer stops and says, “Oh my I thought those where myths” She shakes her head and takes a picture with her phone at Aohd who’s now above the trees flying engulfed in flames. But is mad when all she sees is a white flash.


Aohd flies around for a bit looking for the hounds but don’t see anything so he lands in a car dealer’s lot. A pit bull in a black suit walks up to him and says “Oh hello sir that was an amazing trick you did. Aohd is puzzled and says, “What trick?” The pit bull replies, “That fire illusion.” Aohd is confused but goes with it.


The pit bull sticks his hand out and says, “So I’m Danny, Danny Cheap. Because I sell cars cheap” Aohd nods and says, “I’m Aohd. Just Aohd” Danny nods and says, “OK just Aohd. How can I help you today?” 


Aohd shrugs and says, “Just kind of landed here.” Danny nods and says, “So are you by any chance looking for a car?” Aohd puzzled says, “I can fly why in Sector Phi would I need a car?” Danny looks at him weird and says, “Sector Phi? that’s a new one.” Danny then smiles and says, “I’m sure you don’t want to fly everywhere”. Aohd shrugs and casually says, “I’d just use a worm hole to go places if there to far to fly.” Danny cracks up and says, “Oh man your good at jokes. To bad worm hole don’t exist. I mean I’m glad they don’t I’d be bankrupt” Aohd shrugs and says, “I really should get back home.” Danny nods and says, “OK I don’t often do this but if your here I’m sure your wanting a car for what ever reason. So here I can give you this new Pontiac Firebird for half off if you agree to sign a four year lease?” Aohd looks at him weird and says, “I may be from hell but even I know they stopped making the Firebird fourteen years ago.” Danny smiles and says, “Oh you know your cars how about this brand new Nissan. Aohd laughs, “Man try to sell me that piece of crap. Hell now I know why they reserve sector nu just for you guys.” Danny nods and says, “You really know your cars” Aohd shrugs and says, “When a hell storm is passing threw you have nothing better to do than research stuff and troll people on forums.” Danny nods and says, “Yeah hellish storms sucks. By why would you be online during a big storm?” He don’t give Aohd time to answer he just says, “Oh well but here. Just look around while I go talk to those couple over there.” Aohd nods and looks around laughing at the prices. 


He walks up to a beaver looking at a Toyota truck. Aohd nods and says, “Not bad but way over priced” The beaver looks back and says, “What?” Aohd nods and says, “Yeah that should be marked down about half. This guy is really ripping people off” The beaver nods and says, “I thought it looked weird. Where should I go then?” Aohd shrugs and says, “I don’t know I just landed here” The beaver shrugs and says, “OK” He then waves and says, “Well thanks”, as he’s walking away. Aohd turns around to see an angry pit bull. Aohd says, “Damn saved that guy some money”. Danny growling says, “You have ten seconds to get out of here” Aohd shrugs and says, “Or what?”


Danny charges him mad. Aohd casually flips him over. Danny lands on the Toyota and the tires blow out. Danny stunned says, “The hell?” Aohd shrugs and says, “Tires where rotten” Danny getting up and holding his back says, “How did you do that with out flexing?” Aohd shrugs and says, “It’s really a basic move.” Danny finally says, “OK I’ve calmed down” Aohd now looking at his reflection in a blue sedan says, “Yeah people usually do that when you over power them” Danny growls and says, “How about this. Your here for a reason. Since your not here to by a car you much be looking for a job. You do know your cars so want a job?” Aohd turns around and starts to leave and says, “Nah not really. I’m here only till I get bored” Danny then says, “OK how about this. It sounds like you know your cars. How about when your in this region and need some money for what ever reason you stop by and actually sell cars.” Danny sticks his hand out Aohd shakes it but after a sizzling sound. Danny grabs his hand and says, “Damn you burned me.” Aohd says, “Oh sorry I’m running a bit of a fever today.” 


A old cat is squatting looking at a car when Aohd walks up to him and says, “Dude that thing is a peace of shit.” remembering the deal he says, “But that Mercury over there is a lot better.” After the deal is done the man shakes Danny’s hand to seal the deal. After he ran up to him and said, “Here let me finish this”, afraid of a law suit from Aohd burning his hand.


After it’s done Aohd says, “Well I gotta go. Cya.” then takes off flying leaving Danny mystified.”


Back at Jason’s house Aohd throws a roll of money down and says, “Here do you need this?”

Jason counts the money and says, “Dude there’s ten thousand dollars here. Don’t you need this?” Aohd shrugs and says, “Not really is that a good amount or something?” Jason blinks shocked and says, “This is a butt load of money man what did you do knock off a drug dealer?” Aohd replies, “No I sold a piece of shit mercury for triple it’s asking price?” Jason laughs and says, “What did you do lie?” Aohd shrugs and says, “What’s going to happen. I’m going to Hell?” Jason sticks the money in his pocket and says, “Yeah not much of a punishment for you huh?”
