Aohd looks over to Jason and says, "So you though I was a hallucination?", laughing. Jason nods and says, "So your a honest to god Phoenix?" Aohd nods and says, "Nah I'm a pissed off chicken". He laughs to himself before taking another hit on his bowl.

Jason reaches for it and says, "So is hell really as bad as they say?" He lights the bowl and takes a long drag on it. Ending with him coughing. Smoke pouring out his mouth and in the air around him. Aohd laughs taking the bowl and says, "Imagine the top ten worse moments of your life". Jason is smiling and nods and says, "Yeah" Aohd takes his hit after saying, "Now you have to live those all ten at the same time for every day until they get bored" Jason takes the bowl and says, "Damn that sucks" Aohd is coughing while still trying to hold his hit in. and nods. 

He coughs hard and says, "That's Tuesday" Jason says, "Damn I couldn't imagine doing that every day". Aohd takes the inside bowl only to b disappointed that it's gone and says, "Damn it". then looks at Jason, "No man that's Tuesday. Monday is having to listen to legal jargon for twelve hours straight and it's impossible to doze off. Then wednesday is you get shot in the nuts nonstop till they get bored. Or if your a girl you get shot in your breast" Jason blinks and says, "Damn I love boobs so much. That's sad" Aohd shrugs feeling his bowl back up and says, "You don't even want to know what thursday is or hell definitely not sunday. It's suppose to be the day of rest. Well for demons that's their day to have fun. Which means it's going to suck for you."

They sit on the porch for a hour smoking the bowl until all their doing is laughing at birds landing in the yard. Jason with his eyes squinted says, "I wonder if birds ever sit down" Aohd laughs and says, "I'm sitting down right now" Jason laughs and says, "No man I mean like those birds" Pointing to some starlings looking for worms in their yard. He then says, "Like wild birds man" Aohd nods and says, "Makes you wonder if the world is round" Jason laughs and says, "It is dude". Aohd stares off amazed, "Woh man". He is amazed by a butterfly flying around in front of the porch.