<div style="margin-left:0in;margin-right:0in;">Aohd is sitting at his desk doodling instead of doing research Zzyzx have him when he hears a whoosh sound like a furnace turning on. He smiles and next thing he’s remembering back when he was young.</div>

<div style="margin-left:0in;margin-right:0in;">He had just gotten out of training to be on the guard. Something that begins a few weeks after a phoenix can walk. He’s waiting with the other cadets to get his assignment. </div>

The area around him is what he called home. It’s hot as. Well, Hell. It’s lit up by flames coming off molten rocks and random pools of magma everywhere. But where their standing. in front of them is a large bolder that is used as a stage.

A beast half ram, half some other thing. with burn marks and a disfigured face with a strange number marking on his forehead walks up on the boulder. Then in a musical deep voice says, “Welcome to the Guardians of Hell. Every one of you will be responsible for assisting the hell hounds at the gates getting infidels who are trying to escape. They’re here for internal punishment and will serve that. 

Aohd is half listening and half watching a female phoenix in front of him to his right. Her name is Veda. He’s known her for a long time. Since soon after he hatched in the ashes of hell. When he could walk, he wondered to a neighboring nest and saw her.

After that day, he didn’t see her again till he started training, and has been trying to get the nerve up to talk to her since. But now he knows will not be the time. So, he goes back to listening to the demon. But he’s just finishing up, “OK everyone go to sector sigma to get your assignments” 

Aohd knows this will be his last chance to talk to her so he starts walking fast to Veda but just as he gets to her someone puts trips him laughing and he watches as another boy walks up to her and starts talking.

Aohd stands up and walks over to a red eyed demon who has tentacles for arms. He hands him a gold plate with sector alpha. He hears vita laugh and says, “oh thanks I wanted alpha”. The man that has his love replies, “I just had to pull a few strings and get you with me”. They then walk away holding each other’s wings. Aohd fills a heat growing from inside with a low growl. As he jumps up and spreads his wings. Flames form over his body as he takes off to his assigned area.

He lands in front of the leader who hands him a jacket and says, “Congratulations. Your a official part of the guard. You need to patrol that hill over there. There’s been reports that someone is escaping threw a portal that was opened by a cult member somewhere, trying to gain access.

Aohd looks at his new vest it’s a weird black slick material. It has a metal medallion on the left pocket that of a phoenix with some weird marking under it. The leader says, “It means something in ancient demon. No one knows how to translate it.” Aohd nods and puts it on. As he begins his first assignment.

He doesn’t walk far till he sees a couple of people hunched over a pit smoking something. Aohd yells, “Infidels what do you have?” The couple get up and runs.

But he sees on the ground something they drop. He picks it up and sniffs it. It smells strong but he knows what it is. He’s been curious what it’s like for a long time so he touches the end of it to his wing and lights it. He then takes along drag from the cigarette and smokes it as he continues his patrol.

He’s head is getting light and he’s very relaxed. He then looks up and sees a cave. So figuring it’s time for a rest and hopefully he’ll be able to find a hell rat to snack on he goes in but sees a glowing light inside. Curious he walks up to it and checks it out.

He sticks his wing threw. The other side feels very cold. He’s use to a temperature over a thousand degrees in what he heard some people call Fahrenheit. When he was on a tour of the torture area. So, he sticks his hand threw again and again it’s a lot colder. He giggles for a second then steps threw.

As he’s on the other side it is a lot colder and a lot brighter. Instead of the normal smell of rotten and charred flesh it’s a nice smell of fresh stuff. 

He says, “Damn this is great. He looks around and sees people of all sorts. Some deer some horses and says, “hum this is odd. They ain’t charred.” So, he steps forward into the street. 

<div style="margin-left:0in;margin-right:0in;">Theirs’s a person hunched over smoking something so he checks it out and sees it looks like the cigarette he took from the people inside. So, he reaches and says, “What is this”, in a authorities voice. An albino goat looks up, and says, “Hey”. Aohd bows down and says, “My apologies superior”, thinking he’s a young demon.</div>

<div style="margin-left:0in;margin-right:0in;">The goat cracks up and says, “I like you. Your funny, and cool vest what does it say?” Aohd looks and shrugs and says, “Beats me”. The goat nods and says, “Awesome want some of my joint?” Aohd talks a long draw and says, “Kind of weak but taste better.”</div>

The goat, “Hey this is top grade.” Aohd reaches in his pocket and says, “Here try some of mine”. The goat lights it and takes a drag and starts coughing then looks spaced out and says, “Damn what is this?” Aohd replies, “It’s what that crap is supposed to be.”, pointing at the goat’s joint.

<div style="margin-left:0in;margin-right:0in;">The goat nods and says, “How do I get this shit. It’s great”. Still spaced out.” Aohd replies, “I think sector Phi has some.” The goat laughs and says, “Dude you crack me up. Here I’m Jason what’s your name?”, sticking his hoof out. Aohd looks at the extended hoof and says, “What?” </div>

Jason laughs and says, “Your name. What is it?” Aohd replies, “I’m not supposed to revile my name to infidels.” Jason laughs and says, “Infidel, dude you crack me up. We’re all the same here. What are you from Hell or something?”, while still laughing. Aohd replies, “Yeah.” 

<div style="margin-left:0in;margin-right:0in;">Jason blinks before laughing again and says, “Dude you crack me up. Where’s your portal?” Aohd turns and points. That alley way.” Jason laughs, “Well don’t want the hell hounds after you. You better get back”. Aohd nods and says, “I should”. Aohd turns around and hears, “Oh dude you never told me your name, also what the hell are you.” Aohd turns and says, “my name is Aohd I am on the guard at sector Alpha, and I’m a phoenix”. He then goes back to the portal and walks through it. To the sound of Jason laughing behind him.</div>

He’s greeted with a slap to the face of intense heat. He exits the cave and sees the two huddled again where he chased them off. He walks up to them. He starts to yell for someone when he looks and sees one of the charred people is a goat and remembers Jason. He then leans down and says, “Tell me where you got the weed and I’ll ignore that you’re here.” The goat points and says, “Over there”. Aohd nods and walks over and sees a large flowing plant. Aohd smiles and says, “Hell weed”. He then takes off the buds from it and walks back to the cave. He then exits threw the portal. This time when he walks out he raises his wings and says, something in demon. He was taught how to close portals in training. The gate closes and he turns to see Jason with his mouth wide open.

Aohd relaxes and says, “Hey man.” Jason blinks and says, “What the hell did I see. It was nothing but fire.” Aohd smiles and says, “Hell. Now here have some of that killer weed.” He hands him a bud and Jason says, “Awesome” Aohd replies, “Awesome”, and walks past.

Aohd shakes his head and walks down to his basement area then to a closet and pulls out the vest and smiles before taking out a small bud out of a pocket and goes back to the office and rolls a joint. Then says, “Awesome”.
